I see money in your future... it's not yours though.
You will soon eat a delicious meal. Too bad it won't be yours.
Remember, if at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.
You will learn an important lesson about gravity when you least expect it.
The fortune you seek is in another time and place. You have to wait until your next life. 
You will live long enough to open many fortune cookies, but they are all a hoax. 
A closed mouth gathers no foot, but it also eats no cake. I don't like cake.
The road to success is always under construction. You can take the 11 bridge and shave 10 minutes off. 
Your superpower is making people disappear. Unfortunately, it only works when you start talking.
With integrity and consistency -- your credits are piling up.
Reach out your hand today to support others who need you, but don't just stand there with your hand out.
It is not the outside riches bit the inside ones that produce happiness.
How dark is dark?, How wise is wise? Are you afraid of the dark?
We can admire all we see, but we can only pick one.
The man who has no imagination has no wings. Can you imagine having wings?
To courageously shoulder the responsibility of one's mistake is character.
We can't help everyone. But everyone can help someone help someone try to help someone else.
You discover treasures where others see nothing unusual.
Make all you can, save all you can, give all you can.... to me.
Understanding the nature of change, changes the nature.
You will be unusually successful in business, mostly.
Never forget, you are unique, just like EVERYONE ELSE.
Your spirit of adventure leads you down an exciting new path of gold and garlic.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent copy and pasting.
You are the master of every situation. If everyone thought like this, things would be weird. 
Be brave enough to live creatively and die a boring death.
Cookies go stale. Make sure you put them in a ziploc bag.
Your ingenuity and imagination will get results, be mindful of corporate spies.
Unnecessary possessions are unnecessary burdens. You can burn your house down and start over somewhere else.
Ability is not something to be shown off, but it's ok!
If you wish to see the best in others, show the best of yourself, clothes on.
Your power is in your ability to decide what is for lunch and watch others prepare it for you.
Wherever you go, whenever you can, try to leave a gift..
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless in the caves of wisdom and madness.
Your ingenuity and imagination will get results. Just remember to record the idea before it vanishes. 
Age can never hope to be with you while your heart is too young.
Example is better than perception, unless you look really really cool.
Idleness is the holiday of fools. Fools gold is the holiday of the careless.
Don't be pushed by your problems. Be led by your dreams, and push your problems off a cliff.
Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it, but some receive money. 
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships. If you are truly lucky, you won't have hardships. In fact, you may not be so lucky as you think.
A good way to keep healthy is to eat more Chinese food.
Today's profits are yesterday's good well ripened, minus interest and inflation.
LSGBS - Let Something Good Be Said. LMFSAYH - Let my friend sleep at your house.
There is in the worst of fortunes the best chance of a happy ending.
Service to many leads to greatness. Service to none makes you a badass.
Desire, like the atom, is explosive with creative force.
I think and that is all that I was. Therefore I thought about what I am.
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant. (says the one who drinks your milkshake)
Yesterday was a dare to struggle. Today is a dare to win.
Make everyday your best. You will improve yourself greatly.
You must be willing to act today in order to succeed.
Venture not all in one boat. Instead, throw a few people overboard and let them swim.
Suppressing a moment of anger may save a day of sorrow.
Never be less than your dreams. Never dream about being less.
The good times start when I count to 3: 1... 2... you know what to do!
An inch of time is an inch of gold. An foot of rabbit brings good luck.
If you chase two rabbits both will escape.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter. Don't ruin it again.
Haste does not bring success, unless you don't let it catch up to you.
You will stumble into the path that will lead your life to happiness.
You will always be successful in you professional career.
Good news will come to you from far away ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay.
Service is the rent you pay for having room on the Earth. Don't you wish it were that easy in real life?
Be smart, but never show it. Be dumb, definitely never show that either.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain, but even this cannot be certain.
You or a close friend will be married soon. Sorry for the bad news.
We will not know the worth of water 'till the well is dry.
You are talented in many ways. Why do you even try to do things the other ways?
Do your best to make it happen, or give up before you waste that young glow.
You will find great forces in unexpected places. In fact, most things are unexpected.
What you see in the mirror, and what you are can be two different images, so you better look twice.
Excuses are easy to manufacture, and hard to sell, just like that crappy broke-down load on the side of the road, Southwest of Dallas with your name on it.
Do onto others as you wish others do onto you, unless you are a violent masochist. 
Struggle as and hard as you can for whatever you believe in, unless you believe in being lazy and comfortable.
You have a pair of shining eyes... who hit you?
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.... So why can't you?
Your principles mean more to you than any money or success, but are not worth as much.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future, even if that future is really small.
Stand tall! Don't look down upon yourself. IN fact, don't even look in the mirror or look down at all.
Unless you are a natural, Every truly great accomplishment is at first impossible.
Courage is not the absence of fear; it is the conquest of it. Long live!
Wise man seldom talks. In other words, shut up sometimes.
If you have a job without aggravations, you don't have a job.
You are broad minded and socially active, yet empty somehow. 
Don't put off till tomorrow what can be enjoyed today.
A family reunion in the coming months will be a tremendous success, and you won't be there. Get it?
Enthusiastic leadership gets you a promotion when you least expect it, so stop thinking about it. 
Calamity is the touchstone of a brave mind and sweaty palms.
Everything you add to the truth subtracts from the truth and gets divided by 7 and multiplied by your faith.
You are going to take a vacation from yourself and lose control of your extremities.
Commitment is the stuff character is made of; the power to change the face of things, and rearrange the face of the person who took your parking spot.
A friend asks only for your time not your money. They also don't make impossible demands without a sense of humor. 
A friend asks only for your time not your keys. They also don't eat your last bagel.
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of plastic straws.
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.... 
To be eighty years young is more cheerful and hopeful than a 30 year old squirrel. 
To be eighty years young is more cheerful and hopeful than a forty years old house in the swamp surrounded by quicksand.
A person is not wise simply because one talks a lot. I know this to be true because I can talk for years and years about anything, and look at me! It wasn't always like this. When things were simpler I'd keep my mouth shut and just listen to the old folks bicker and argue about who gets the last orange.
It takes guts to get out of the ruts. It takes a putz to strip the studs.
I haven't been on vacation in seven thousand years, and living on coney island is no picnic. 
Just try and try and try and try and try and try and try.
The greatest quality is seeking to serve others.... unless they are really rude, then you're just a sucker.
Most people, once they graduate from the school of Hard Knocks, automatically enroll.
Everyone needs to be loved, especially those do not deserve it.
Winning isn't everything but the will to win is, but will you win??
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
You will be awarded some great honor or something. Let me know what it was. 
Don't build your happiness on other's sorrow, build it on their tired shoulders, but be nice and show kindness.
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic. You will be poor most of your life.
Kiss is not a kiss without the heart, metaphorically speaking.
Don't be afraid of fear, or water. Only fear the things that trigger your anxiety. 
You're not as dumb as you look. No one is as dumb as you look.
There's no point to being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
You will learn something new every day. And you still may never "learn."
You are a terrible Golfer but violence will come easily.
You can't go far in a rowboat without oars.... or ears.
Failure is the virtual way to prepare you for great responsibilities.
Many receive advice, only the wise profit by it......... Good!
A banker is someone who lends you an umbrella when the sun is shining.
Maturity: Do your duty without being supervised. Know when to give up.
Your cheerful outlook is one of your assets but is often squandered by your resting bitch face.
You can't have everything... where would you put it all?
Every day can't be New Years Eve. I learned this from experience. 
If you see a purple rabbit with wings, you will soon pass away. 
You have an unusually magnetic personality. Be careful around sharp, metal objects. 
You have an unusually large head from some angles.
He who hurries cannot walk with dignity, but they might get to their destination more quickly.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems. Great job.
Your emotional nature is strong and sensitive, and you have deep, majestic leg pits. 
Serious trouble will bypass you and land on your neighbor.
If you're riding ahead of the heard, look back once in a while to make sure it's still there. If it is, keep going. If it isn't, you are lost. 
You have an iron will, which helps you succeed in everything, even if it tarnishes at the slightest of tears.
Three can keep a secret if you get rid of two.
Everywhere you choose to go friendly faces will greet you, unless you do your grocery shopping between 4pm and 7pm. 
Nothing gets in the way of your vision of yourself in the future.
To understand is hard. Once one understands, action is easy.
Hard is hard and soft is soft, but you can change this with some repetitive action.
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next. (Duh!)
You will make many changes before settling unsatisfactorily. Did that come out wrong?
When in anger, sing the alphabet backwards, changing the emotions every other 2 letters from happy to mad to sad to drunk.
Wealth is a means to an end... not the end itself, unless you are mega-wealthy. 
It's high time for one of your most promising ideas. The rest are crap.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises. Big opportunities are a pain sometimes, so let them pass you by.
People are drawn to you and look to you for advice, because you are a big magnet.
Keep your feet on the ground even though friends flatter you.
Do a good deed anonymously. You will make a difference in your life.
Delete your Facebook account and quit your job.
Financial prosperity is coming your way! Better learn how to budget so you don't waste it all again. 
A healthy body will benefit you forever, unless you become old and sick. 
Mental activity keeps you busy at this time.
Say "I love you" and mean it. You can't do that enough, though it can get annoying. 
The world is always ready to receive talent with open arms, but getting paid for it is another story. 
Enjoy the small things you find on your path, because you may not find anything bigger. 
Good food brings good health and longevity and can also kill you if you eat to much. 
The act of giving is more important than receiving.
Every burden is a blessing... how is that supposed to work?
Hell, if you made it this far, keep going.  
When there's a bill there's a pay and you can't will it away.
Prosperity is in your fortune, if you believe it with all of your stomach. 
Your next interview will result in a job and a house and a children.
Accept the challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Peace begins with a smile, and ends with a loud noise. 
Engage in group activities that further transformation.
Be satisfied with what you already own, and stop buying shit. 
Your business will assume vast proportions and you will tear down every forest to spread your global empire.
You have a potential urge and the ability for accomplishment. Key word: Potential.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner. Do not manipulate them for fun.
Action is worry's worst enemy, but biting your nails is a terrible habit. 
People do not fail... they give up not failing.
Are your legs tired? You been running through someone's mind ALL day long, blah blah blah.
You find beauty in ordinary things. Do not loose this ability.
Will you let compassion to manage your wishes.
A truly great person never puts away the simplicity of a child, especially if they never grew up in the first place or the are still indeed a child, in which case greatness is far more unlikely. 
Home is where your heart is, if you're lucky. 
A huge fortune at home is not as good as money in use.
Humor is the affirmation of dignity. Dignity is the affirmation of blind faith.
Your heavy desire, only allow you to see what you are looking for.
TEAMS - Together Everyone Ate Macaroni Stuffing.
You have a heart of gold, and a heart of silver.... and a heart of bronze. 
Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
Want to learn how to love, start with the one you hate. Want to learn to hate? Start with the next person you see. 
There is beauty in simplicity. There is also beauty in extremely complex things, if you are smart. 
Learning is a treasure which accompanies us everywhere, until we forget. 
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct. However, being plain wrong really sucks.
This person's love is just and true. You may rely on it.
You will be spending time outdoors, in the mountains, near water.
Friends long absent are coming back to you. Run!!
His joyfulness of a manth prolongeth hith dayth.
Regenerate your system through diet and exercise. Save the cookies!
Listen to the wisdom of the old, and use bleach to fight the mold.
Even the toughest of days have bright spots, just do your best and remember that it will all end someday.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded with a gigantic pat on the back from an enormous creature with crooked teeth. 
Fortitude is the guard and support of the other virtues.
When the moment comes, take the one from the right alright?
Old friends make best friends. New friends shake hands.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth, even if you have no idea how to respond to it. 
People learn little from success, but much from failure. The funny thing is, if you only succeed, that is OK too, maybe even preferred, but don't worry. 
Keep in mind your most cherished dreams of the future. Someday all you will have is the past. 
You always do things the right way. Why do you do that?
Act boldly and unseen forces will come to your aid, like mom and dad, but invisible. 
Join a new club today, you'll be surprised. You will be the only member. 
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you, when you make them known, obviously. 
Some people never have anything except ideas, Go do it. Some people never even have ideas, wouldn't that be a bummer?
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.
You are more likely to give than give in, and these can be the same thing.
If you bite the hand that feeds you, it wont taste as good as the food you were fed, unless that hand is dipped in cottage cheese. 
The heart has its reasons, which the reasons does not knows.
Even the longest of days will come to an end. Haven't you seen Groundhog's Day with Bill Murray? I love the part where he drives on the railroad tracks. 
You enjoy giving gifts of yourself to others, you will be rewarded!
There are no stupid questions, just stupid answer, stupid. 
Success is an accumulation of successful days, intertwined with long, spooky nights.
You have a friendly heart and are well admired, and if you can't see that then I am wrong.
Just because you put tap shoes on an elephant does not mean it can dance.
Start to look for you faults if you never made mistakes.
Good sense is the master of human life, and also a cheap generic brand of processed foods that can save you money.
Your luck has been completely changed today. Sorry.
Ask someone smarter than you, but use your own common sense and never ask your boss to help you.
Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberry! 
You will not eat expired fish from the can. Give it to your dog.
A judgment will rule in your favor. All hail you. 
Your winsome smile will be your sure protection.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams with your eyes closed, but keep your arms out so you can feel around.
The skills you have gathered will one day come in handy, one can always hope.
If you take the devil for a ride, he's gonna wanna drive!
Look forward to great fortune and a new lease on life, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
You will travel to many places. Inside your house.
You will enjoy a trip to Asia and never return.
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing perfectly.
Pure logic is the ruin of the Pirate inside you.
You will have a long and wealthy 5 minutes.
Your smile always brightens the cloudiest days.
A friend in the market is better than money in the purse. You will brush your teeth only once today. 
A new venture will be a success. Either that or you will not succeed, but stay positive. 
It is by those who have suffered that the world is most advanced.
Everything must have a beginning. The end is also something to consider.
The important thing is to express yourself, and if you don't know which row you are seated in, ask a neighbor, loudly.
The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all undimmed.
New and rewarding opportunities will soon develop for you in a developing nation.
Seek to assert your devotion when a worthy situation arises. If you can't make this happen, call your mother. 
The glass is not half-empty, it's just twice too big and does not contain the drink you ordered.
A feeling is kinda sorta like an idea with roots.
Your present plans are going to succeed. Your future plans do not exist outside of your mind.
A sound mind and healthy body bring many happy events to your family. If you haven no family, you will have 5 times the loot.
Plan your work and work your plan. Plan your plan before you work.
Courage is rightly considered the foremost of the virtues, for upon it, all others depend. The next most important is paying your water bill.
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day. You do not need to say goodbye, ever. 
Don't let your limitations overshadow your talents. Flex that muscle, baby!
Love is the affinity which links and draws together the elements of the world.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything... key word SHOULD.
Character development is the true aim of education.
Trust your dog, but sill keep your eyes open.
He who is shipwrecked the second time cannot lay the blame on Neptune.
To get respect from others, one must first give respect to others.
Walk the words you talk and talk the words you walk.
People forget how fast you did a job - but they remember how well you did it.
The time is right to make new friends and lose old ones.
Do what is right, not what you should, most of the time.
Punctuality is the politeness of kings and the duty of gentle people everywhere.
If you wait too long for the perfect moment, the perfect moment will pass you by. If you wait again, it will come back, and this time you will know when it is about to be too late. 
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and soul devout, and body clean, and hair smells good. Your fingernails are too short. 
Walk with a good heart and you will run with success.
We should not let our fears hold us back from pursuing our hopes.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity, and do not give into temptation or opportunity. Just do you.
You will soon meet the person you used to admire, but you forgot about them. Sorry. 
A good time to start something new. Tomorrow.
All generalities are false, in general. 
Come back later... I am sleeping. (yes, crystals need their sleep too)
If at first you do not succeed... try something harder, and get a credit card too. 
Your good listening skills will open many doors, but with poor sight you can't see the doors. 
Two people shorten a road. 3 people cause a traffic.
Tomorrow, you'll wake up. Surprise! Go back to sleep.
The light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off due to budget cuts.
You will soon forget this fortune. Or have you already?
Your superpower is invisibility to waiters and recruiters. 
You will live to see your favorite things become retro.
Remember, every snowflake is unique, but they all melt just the same.
Your patience will be rewarded later. Much, much later.
Beware of any fortune that tells you this is your year.
You will find a penny today. Spoiler: It's not lucky.
One day, you will inspire others. As a bad example.
Your secret talent is being able to read this fortune.
An adventure awaits you... check your spam folder.
You have a rare magnetic personality. Too bad it only attracts trouble.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
Your dog is planning to eat your homework. Again.
A thrilling time is in your immediate future... as long as you find laundry thrilling.
You will soon achieve invisibility. Starting with your social media posts.
Avoid taking unnecessary gambles. Lucky numbers: 12, 15, 23, 28, 37.
Exercise caution when walking today. You might step on your dreams.
You will soon eat something, and lose your keys.
Your future is as bright as a burned-out light bulb.
You will soon have an out-of-money experience.
Congratulations! You're outstanding in your field! Unfortunately, it's agriculture.
You have a keen sense of humor and love to laugh at yourself. Be prepared to be amused today.
You will gain the ability to conclude unfinished -
The fortune you seek is in another cookie. Too bad you're trying to cut back on sugar.
Avoid taking life too seriously. No one gets out alive, anyway.
Your contribution to the Earth’s rotation is greatly appreciated. Keep walking.
Remember, if you can’t be a good example, you’ll just have to serve as a horrible warning.
Life is full of surprises. Mostly the kind you’d return if you could.
One day you shall achieve immortality by not dying. So far, so good.
If you think nobody cares you're alive, delete your social media apps for a week.
The early bird... is probably just as tired as you are.
You are not illiterate. Congratulations on this achievement.
Today’s a great day to start living your best life! Unfortunately, it's already 8 PM.
Your skill in rolling your eyes will soon prove useful.
You will soon reach new heights. Bring a parachute.
Hard work pays off in the future. Laziness pays off now.
You will soon have a chance to meet someone special. They won’t see you though.
Your talents will be recognized and ignored by those in authority.
Someday you'll look back on all this, and plow into a parked car.
Your ability to understand sarcasm is your greatest asset. No, really.
Your romantic life will soon look up. Which is good because it’s been at rock bottom.
You will find a bushel of money. Sadly, it’s monopoly money.
You are destined for greatness. Check back later, destiny has a lot on its plate right now.
The stars predict tomorrow you'll wake up, do a bunch of stuff, and then go back to sleep.
You will soon learn to appreciate the joy of missing out.
The road to success is always under construction and you're out of gas.
Your dream job is looking for someone just like you! But with more experience.
A thrilling adventure awaits you. It involves losing your keys and being late for work.